Loudeye Supports Launch of MIT's Electronic Music Library;
Massachusetts Institute of Technology Unveils On-Demand Electronic
Music Library Leveraging Loudeye's Digital Media Services
  
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 27 -- Loudeye Corp. (Nasdaq: LOUD), a leading
provider of services for the management, promotion and distribution of
digital media, today announced an agreement to provide music content
and metadata services to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's
new campus-wide electronic music library. Developed by two MIT
students, MIT's Library Access to Music Project (LAMP) enables faculty
and students to access a comprehensive licensed music catalog on areas
throughout campus using MIT's closed-circuit cable TV system.

Under the agreement, Loudeye is providing MIT with approximately
48,000 licensed digital music tracks with related metadata. The
licensed content and data are delivered through Loudeye's Media
Framework, a complete, outsourced digital media platform for
integrating customers' in-house solutions with Loudeye's applications
and services.

The LAMP system, the brain trust of Keith Winstein and Josh Mandel,
two current MIT students, was developed as a way for the MIT community
to access CDs without a trip to the library. With LAMP, MIT students,
faculty and staff can select a song from the LAMP Web page
(http://lamp.mit.edu ) and play it directly to campus stereos and TVs
on the system. Users can only listen to songs but cannot download or
copy them. The project relies upon Loudeye's digital media services to
support the digitization of its CD catalog and delivery across MIT's
closed-circuit cable TV service.

Winstein and Mandel are publishing the system's design and software
code as "open source" enabling universities and other organizations to
deploy similar electronic music delivery solutions.

"LAMP is about making a better music library that students and faculty
can access all the time, immediately and on demand, from their rooms
and offices. We collected a 'wish list' of 3,500 albums that students
at MIT wanted in the library, and Loudeye provided the albums in MP3
format a week later. As far as we know, Loudeye is the only company in
the country with all the rights and permissions in place to provide
this service," said Keith Winstein, LAMP co-creator and MIT graduate
student in electrical engineering and computer science.

"LAMP is an innovative approach to enabling legitimate digital music
distribution at universities. With MIT making the LAMP code open, we
are encouraged that other organizations and universities will deploy
similar legitimate music services," said Jeff Cavins, Loudeye's
president and chief executive officer. "Our work with MIT and the LAMP
project demonstrates the flexibility of the Loudeye Media Framework to
support next generation and emerging business models in the digital
music space across all different segments."

LAMP was funded by iCampus, the research alliance between MIT and
Microsoft Research focused on furthering education through faculty and
student technology projects.

About Loudeye Corp.

Loudeye provides the business infrastructure and services for
managing, promoting and distributing digital content for the
entertainment and corporate markets. For more information, visit
www.loudeye.com.

Forward Looking Statements

This release contains forward-looking information within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including
statements about Loudeye's relationship with MIT and the use,
performance, expected benefits and projected revenue associated with
Loudeye's digital media services, metadata services and the Loudeye
Media Framework; and statements made by Loudeye's president and
CEO. These statements are based on current estimates and actual
results may differ materially due to risks, including the possibility
of adverse changes in the market for distribution of digital music
that we serve; adverse or uncertain legal developments with respect to
copyrights surrounding the creation and distribution of digital music;
pricing pressures and other activities by competitors; the failure of
our hosting infrastructure; the complexity of our services and
delivery networks; any problems or failures in the structure,
complexities or redundancies of our network infrastructure; failures
in third party telecommunication and network providers to provide
required transmission capacity; our capacity to scale and support
third party technologies; lack of market acceptance for our products
and services; the possible delay in the adoption of digital media or
related applications on the web in general; and other risks set forth
in our most recent Form 10-Q, Form 10-K and other SEC filings which
are available through EDGAR at www.sec.gov. We assume no obligation to
update the forward-looking statements.

SOURCE Loudeye Corp.

CONTACT: media, Andrew Cullen of Barokas Public Relations,
+1-206-264-8220, or andrew@barokas.com, for Loudeye Corp.; or
investors, Michael Dougherty of Loudeye Corp., +1-206-832-4000, or
ir@loudeye.com
